I do want to say a couple
of words on applications
before delving deeper
into the concept.
That's because the term
sequence-to-sequence RNN
is a little bit
abstract and doesn't
relay how many amazing things we
can do with this type of model.
So let's think of it like this.
We have a model that
can learn to generate
any sequence of vectors.
And these can be letters.
They can be words or
images or anything, really.
If you can represent
it as a vector,
it can be used in a
sequence-to-sequence model.
So this model can
learn to generate
any sequence of
vectors after we feed
it a sequence of input vectors.
What can we do with that?
So let's see.
Say you train it
on a dataset where
the source is an English
phrase and the target is
a French phrase.
And you have a lot
of these examples.
If you do that and you
train it successfully,
then your model is now in
English-to-French translator.
Train it on a dataset of news
articles and their summaries
and you have a
summarization bot.
Train it on a dataset of
questions and their answers
and you have a
question-answering model.
Train it on a lot of dialogue
data and you have a chatbot.
But the inputs don't only
have to be words, remember.
The RNNs are used along
convolutional nets and image
captioning tests, for example.
So it can also be-- the input
sequence can also be audio.
As we saw, there are
many possibilities
for what you can do after you
master sequence-to-sequence.
The challenge will be to
find the right dataset
to feed your model and guide it
through the learning process.